Jiang Yi
Why are you here?
I'm not here.
Do you want to continue bullying my daughter?
Ah!
She was a prostitute.
Not biological
What's so great about it?
I just despise them
A gold digger who specializes in seducing rich people
I'm warning you!
If you belittle him like this again
Even if you are my sister
I'm also rude to you.
Why are you talking to me like that?
Take the money and get out
Ha ok
Li Xiaoya, are you really capable?
You let my brother do this to me
Xiao Yang, are you alright?
You don't need to worry about my business.
You also saw my sister's attitude towards you just now
You and Zhang Yufeng will not be happy together
Then who will I be happy with?
Are you with me?
Are you going to divorce my mother and then marry me?
Qiang Ye
My life has been messed up because of you
I beg you to leave me alone
Hello
Find someone to follow Li Xiaoya
I want to know his every move
Auntie, I have proposed to Xiaoya
Really? That's a good thing!
Auntie, I will definitely be nice to Xiaoya.
Ok ok ok ok
Haha.
Yufeng, why are you here?
Husband Yufeng has proposed to Xiaoya
This is a big happy event. What?
When did you ask for it?
Since you like me
I also like Xiaoya
So we want to get married early.
I don't agree with that.